README.md, before:

Text Mining with Tidy Data Principles Workshop
================

### rstudio::conf 2020

by Julia Silge

-----

INSTRUCTIONS FOR INSTRUCTORS: Please insert information about your
workshop below. Then, add workshop content in the materials folder and
link to each session’s materials from the schedule below. You are
welcomed to add more rows to the schedule. We just ask that you take
breaks at the specified times. Once you are done adding information, you
can remove these instructions from the README.

-----

:spiral_calendar: January 27 and 28, 2020  
:alarm_clock:     09:00 - 17:00  
:hotel:           \[ADD ROOM\]  
:writing_hand:    [rstd.io/conf](http://rstd.io/conf)

-----

## Overview

Have you ever encountered text data and suspected there was useful insight latent within it but felt frustrated about how to find that insight? Are you familiar with dplyr and ggplot2, and ready to learn how unstructured text data can be analyzed within the tidyverse ecosystem? Do you need a flexible framework for handling text data that allows you to engage in tasks from exploratory data analysis to supervised predictive modeling? 

Text data is increasingly important in many domains, and tidy data principles and tidy tools can make text mining easier and more effective. In this workshop, learn how to manipulate, summarize, and visualize the characteristics of text using these methods and R packages from the tidy tool ecosystem. These tools are highly effective for many analytical questions and allow analysts to integrate natural language processing into effective workflows already in wide use. Explore how to implement approaches such as sentiment analysis of texts, measuring tf-idf, network analysis of words, and building both supervised and unsupervised text models.

## Learning objectives

At the end of this course, participants will understand how to: 

- Perform exploratory data analyses of text datasets, including summarization and data visualization
- Understand and implement both tf-idf and sentiment analysis 
- Build classification models for text using tidy data principles

## Is this course for me?

This course will be appropriate for you if you answer yes to these questions:

- Have you ever encountered text data and suspected there was useful insight latent within it but felt frustrated about how to find that insight?
- Are you familiar with dplyr and ggplot2, and ready to learn how unstructured text data can be analyzed within the tidyverse ecosystem?
- Do you need a flexible framework for handling text data that allows you to engage in tasks from exploratory data analysis to supervised predictive modeling?

## Prework

\[ADD INFORMATION YOU WANT LEARNERS TO HAVE / STEPS THEY WANT THEM TO
COMPLETE PRIOR TO THE WORKSHOP. THIS COULD BE A LINK TO A THREAD ON
RSTUDIO COMMUNITY, PACKAGE INSTALL INSTRUCTIONS, HOW TO GET AN
RSTUDIO.CLOUD ACCOUNT, ETC.\]

## Schedule

### Day 1

| Time          | Activity         |
| :------------ | :--------------- |
| 09:00 - 10:30 | [Tidying text](https://rstudio-conf-2020.github.io/text-mining/materials/slides/intro.html)        |
| 10:30 - 11:00 | *Coffee break*   |
| 11:00 - 12:30 | [Sentiment analysis](https://rstudio-conf-2020.github.io/text-mining/materials/slides/intro.html#34)        |
| 12:30 - 13:30 | *Lunch break*    |
| 13:30 - 15:00 | [tf-idf](https://rstudio-conf-2020.github.io/text-mining/materials/slides/intro.html#45)        |
| 15:00 - 15:30 | *Coffee break*   |
| 15:30 - 17:00 | [N-grams, and wrap-up!](https://rstudio-conf-2020.github.io/text-mining/materials/slides/intro.html#56)      |

### Day 2

| Time          | Activity         |
| :------------ | :--------------- |
| 09:00 - 10:30 | [Topic modeling](https://rstudio-conf-2020.github.io/text-mining/materials/slides/modeling.html)         |
| 10:30 - 11:00 | *Coffee break*               |
| 11:00 - 12:30 | Finish up topic modeling        |
| 12:30 - 13:30 | *Lunch break*                |
| 13:30 - 15:00 | [Text classification](https://rstudio-conf-2020.github.io/text-mining/materials/slides/modeling.html#40)    |
| 15:00 - 15:30 | *Coffee break*               |
| 15:30 - 17:00 | Finish text classification, and wrap-up! ✨   |


## Instructor

[Julia Silge](https://juliasilge.com/) is a data scientist and software engineer. She is both an international keynote speaker and a real-world practitioner focusing on data analysis and machine learning practice. She is an author of [*Text Mining with R*](https://www.tidytextmining.com/) with her coauthor David Robinson and has a PhD in astrophysics. She loves making beautiful charts and communicating about technical topics with diverse audiences.

-----

![](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/88x31.png) This work is
licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International
License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

Commit message:

Add instructions on how to log in to RStudio Cloud

README.md, after:

Text Mining with Tidy Data Principles Workshop
================

### rstudio::conf 2020

by Julia Silge

-----

:spiral_calendar: January 27 and 28, 2020  
:alarm_clock:     09:00 - 17:00  
:hotel:           \[ADD ROOM\]  
:writing_hand:    [rstd.io/conf](http://rstd.io/conf)

-----

## Overview

Have you ever encountered text data and suspected there was useful insight latent within it but felt frustrated about how to find that insight? Are you familiar with dplyr and ggplot2, and ready to learn how unstructured text data can be analyzed within the tidyverse ecosystem? Do you need a flexible framework for handling text data that allows you to engage in tasks from exploratory data analysis to supervised predictive modeling? 

Text data is increasingly important in many domains, and tidy data principles and tidy tools can make text mining easier and more effective. In this workshop, learn how to manipulate, summarize, and visualize the characteristics of text using these methods and R packages from the tidy tool ecosystem. These tools are highly effective for many analytical questions and allow analysts to integrate natural language processing into effective workflows already in wide use. Explore how to implement approaches such as sentiment analysis of texts, measuring tf-idf, network analysis of words, and building both supervised and unsupervised text models.

## Learning objectives

At the end of this course, participants will understand how to: 

- Perform exploratory data analyses of text datasets, including summarization and data visualization
- Understand and implement both tf-idf and sentiment analysis 
- Build classification models for text using tidy data principles

## Is this course for me?

This course will be appropriate for you if you answer yes to these questions:

- Have you ever encountered text data and suspected there was useful insight latent within it but felt frustrated about how to find that insight?
- Are you familiar with dplyr and ggplot2, and ready to learn how unstructured text data can be analyzed within the tidyverse ecosystem?
- Do you need a flexible framework for handling text data that allows you to engage in tasks from exploratory data analysis to supervised predictive modeling?

## Prework

During this short course, we'll share code and slides via a GitHub repo and code interactively together using an RStudio Cloud project. You can log in to RStudio Cloud via Google credentials, GitHub credentials, or email. Go ahead and [log in](http://rstudio.cloud/) with your choice of method before we meet in person so you see what the platform looks like. Bring your laptop to the course and we'll explore text mining together!

## Schedule

### Day 1

| Time          | Activity         |
| :------------ | :--------------- |
| 09:00 - 10:30 | [Tidying text](https://rstudio-conf-2020.github.io/text-mining/materials/slides/intro.html)        |
| 10:30 - 11:00 | *Coffee break*   |
| 11:00 - 12:30 | [Sentiment analysis](https://rstudio-conf-2020.github.io/text-mining/materials/slides/intro.html#34)        |
| 12:30 - 13:30 | *Lunch break*    |
| 13:30 - 15:00 | [tf-idf](https://rstudio-conf-2020.github.io/text-mining/materials/slides/intro.html#45)        |
| 15:00 - 15:30 | *Coffee break*   |
| 15:30 - 17:00 | [N-grams, and wrap-up!](https://rstudio-conf-2020.github.io/text-mining/materials/slides/intro.html#56)      |

### Day 2

| Time          | Activity         |
| :------------ | :--------------- |
| 09:00 - 10:30 | [Topic modeling](https://rstudio-conf-2020.github.io/text-mining/materials/slides/modeling.html)         |
| 10:30 - 11:00 | *Coffee break*               |
| 11:00 - 12:30 | Finish up topic modeling        |
| 12:30 - 13:30 | *Lunch break*                |
| 13:30 - 15:00 | [Text classification](https://rstudio-conf-2020.github.io/text-mining/materials/slides/modeling.html#40)    |
| 15:00 - 15:30 | *Coffee break*               |
| 15:30 - 17:00 | Finish text classification, and wrap-up! ✨   |


## Instructor

[Julia Silge](https://juliasilge.com/) is a data scientist and software engineer. She is both an international keynote speaker and a real-world practitioner focusing on data analysis and machine learning practice. She is an author of [*Text Mining with R*](https://www.tidytextmining.com/) with her coauthor David Robinson and has a PhD in astrophysics. She loves making beautiful charts and communicating about technical topics with diverse audiences.

-----

![](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/88x31.png) This work is
licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International
License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
